docs: Add clarification to `enable-regex-cmp` flag (#2995)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/server-configuration.md

  Enable Atlantis to use regular expressions to run plan/apply commands against defined project names when `-p` flag is passed with it.
  
  This can be used to run all defined projects (with the `name` key) in `atlantis.yaml` using `atlantis plan -p .*`.
  

>   This flag works in conjunction with [allowed_regexp_prefixes](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html#reference) in the `atlantis.yaml` file, if defined, will only allow the regexes listed in the `allowed_regexp_prefixes`. By Default if not defined in the `atlantis.yaml` file it will default to `[]` which will allow any regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The flag will only allow the regexes listed in the [`allowed_regexp_prefixes`](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html#reference) key defined in the repo `atlantis.yaml` file. If the key is undefined, its value defaults to `[]` which will allow any regex.
```
